# Human_Resource_Management_System
The Project Has Been Developed Keeping In Mind All The Basic Concepts And Practices Of Project Management. Some Of These Apply To Project Initiation Phase Where As Others Are Applicable Throughout The Project Duration. I Have Developed This Software Using Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 Platform as Front End with Microsoft SQL Server 2008 as Backend Database to maintain and manipulates the large amount of data and make relational with different tables. The project source code will be developed in C# programming language and .Net 4.0 is used as the framework. The system is developed based on waterfall model approach with step-by-step procedure from planning, analysis, design, and then implementation. To efficiently organize data in a database the process of Normalization is implemented.

The Main Aim Of The Project Is To Develop A Human Resource Module For The Intranet Automation Of HR Software For An Organization. The Module Enhances Good Interaction / Communication Facilities Between The Employees And HR Administrator. The Site Containing Pages About An Employee Has To Be Dynamically Created Based On The User Id And Password And Provide Links To Web Pages Containing Information. This project has been developed to meet the aspirations indicated in the modern age. An attempt has been made through this project to do all work ease and fast. This is a web application and can be considered as HRMS system. This system will eliminate the manual processing tasks that take time. It will overcome from the problem of manual HRMS and reduces manpower. 
